Jesus makes a comment about food. He said,
My food
Is to do
The will
Of him who sent me.
And this passage is important and it always causes me to ask myself this simple question:
What is my food?
What is it that motivates me?
On a spiritual level
And it's a question that I bring to you this morning. What is
Your food.
What is it that motivates you?
deeply on a spiritual level. So beginning in verse 27, just then his disciples returned
And they were surprised to find him talking.
With a woman.
But no one asked what do you want
Or?
Why are you talking with her?
Then leaving her water jar, the woman went back to the town and said to the people, Come.
"See a man who told me everything I ever did. Could this be the Messiah?"
And they came out of the town, and they made their way towards him. Meanwhile, his disciples urged him, saying, Rabbi, eat something.
But he said to them, I have food that you know not nothing, know nothing about.
And his disciples questioned each other, could someone have brought him flesh?
Food. To be a witness.
Often requires
Willingness.
To go outside of our comfort zone.
To be stretched.
To be vulnerable.
It takes effort and intentionality on our part.
Likely will be tired either emotionally financially or physically
It'll cause us to be weary.
And it doesn't require
That we leave where we are and go to another
A field to do it. It's likely to...
Something that we can
do right now.
But Jesus in this passage, he starts a casual conversation.
That leads quickly
Into a meaningful conversation and a spiritual dialogue
In which he confronts this woman lovingly
With the truth of her life.
And he explained to her,
The gospel, the good news.
The end of the story,
reads that she came to belief in him and many in the city did.
As well.
Jesus
was a witness.
With
Willingness
On our part.
A willingness to step out of our comfort zone, right?
In an attitude of prayer,
And certainly with intentionality in thought,
Our, our.
Conversations with unsafe people that God brings into our life.
Can go through four stages
And we can find ourselves leading people to Christ. You know, we typically start conversations
With casual conversations.
Conversations about.
The weather, the traffic.
Meaningless stuff, but
It's stuff that we talk about with people that we really don't know.
And a lot of times, unfortunately, that's where our conversations
end. With intentionality, with prayer, with willingness, we can cause these conversations to take a step further to meaningful conversations. Talking about
Personal issues, health issues, family issues, children issues, things in which you are vulnerable. You're putting yourself out there a little bit. Those meaningful
10 full conversations can then in turn improve
Turn into spiritual conversations where now you're talking about how
You have a common struggle, maybe it's with family or with kids or with your illnesses, and you bring in, well,
How do I deal with that? you know, I deal with that in prayer. You know, I deal with that by going to the word.
And then those spiritual conversations can then turn into discovery questions where
Now you're asking the question:
Do you want to see what the Bible says about your situation?
And so ultimately that can end with you leading someone to the Lord. But
Again
A lot of us
We have many,
Acquaintances
But we always leave our conversations at simply
The casual if we are simply willing
And if we
Pray, and were a little intentional,
We can start taking our conversations to the next level.
To the meaningful.
To the spiritual.
And ultimately, maybe the Lord will use us to
bring them to discovery of Jesus Christ.